Stop bragging
This parking lot
Something that many big stars can't buy with money
You said that the boss specially left you a skirt.
Don't you think it's ridiculous?
Yes!
You said you wanted this store from the beginning
Now he says this dress is for you
Even if you brag about not paying taxes
You don't have to be so shameless, do you?
If only he could meet Master Jimmy
I eat shit upside down
That's not unsightly.
And it doesn't smell good either.
as
You learn a few dog barks for me to hear
Don't say learn to bark
You can learn to climb a dog
Oops ok
Just know he's bragging.
Why expose him in public
Don't worry.
It is to publicly expose this kind of dishonesty
A woman of self-control
If you're bragging, you don't just have to bark like a dog.
And kneel down and apologize to our down
Sure, as long as he can get on his knees and apologize to me too
Can I?
Certainly.
I can't wait to see you give us down
Apologize
By the way, who is the distinguished guest you mentioned?
The guest mentioned by the boss.
This is the lady.